Add the guide to add new CRD and Controller in SWCK (#75)
apache/skywalking-swck: docs/how-to-add-new-crd-and-controller.md

## How to add CRD and Controller in SWCK?

The doc is to help contributors who want to add CRD and Controller in SWCK focus on the coding and reduce the time overhead of configuring kubebuilder.

#### 1. Install the kubebuilder

> Notice, SWCK is built by kubebuilder v3+, so you need to install the kubebuilder after v3.0.0

SWCK is based on the [kubebuilder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder), and you could download the kubebuilder in the [releases](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/releases). 

#### 2. Create CRD and Controller

> Then we can use `kubebuilder create api` to add a new CRD and corresponding controller. There we use the `Demo` as an example, and you should replace it with your CRD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then we can use `kubebuilder create api` to add a new CRD and corresponding controller. Here we use the `Demo` as an example, and you should replace it with your CRD.
```

```sh
$ cd operator && kubebuilder create api --group operator --version v1alpha1 --kind Demo(Your CRD)
```

> Then you need to input two `y` to create the Resource and Controller, and here are some newly added files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you need to input `y` twice to create the Resource and Controller, and there will be some newly added files.
```

	config/rbac/operator_demo_viewer_role.yaml
	config/samples/operator_v1alpha1_demo.yaml
	controllers/operator/demo_controller.go
	controllers/operator/suite_test.go

no changes added to commit (use "git add" and/or "git commit -a")
```

Next, we need to focus on the file `apis/operator/v1alpha1/demo_types.go` which defines your CRD, and the file `controllers/operator/configuration_controller.go` which defines the Controller. The others files are some configurations generated by the [kubebuilder markers](https://book.kubebuilder.io/reference/markers.html). Here are some references:

* [Kubebuilder project demo](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/tree/master/testdata/project-v3), in which you can understand the overall architecture.

* [How to add new-api](https://book.kubebuilder.io/cronjob-tutorial/new-api.html), which you can find more details for `oapserverconfig_types.go`.

* [Controller-overview](https://book.kubebuilder.io/cronjob-tutorial/controller-overview.html), where you can find more details about `oapserverconfig_controller.go`.

At last, the `suite_test.go` can be deleted as we don't need it.

### 3. Create webhook

> If you want to validate the field of your CRD, you need to create the webhook as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to validate the field of your CRD, you need to create a webhook as follows.
```

> If you want to validate the field of your CRD, you need to create a webhook as follows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to validate fields or set defaults to CRs, creating webhooks is good practice:
```

```sh
kubebuilder create webhook --group operator --version v1alpha1 --kind Demo --defaulting --programmatic-validation
```

> Below is the newly generated file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The newly generated files are as follows.
```

	modified:   config/webhook/manifests.yaml
	modified:   main.go

Untracked files:
  (use "git add <file>..." to include in what will be committed)
	apis/operator/v1alpha1/demo_webhook.go
	apis/operator/v1alpha1/webhook_suite_test.go

no changes added to commit (use "git add" and/or "git commit -a")
```

You can get more details through [webhook-overview](https://book.kubebuilder.io/reference/webhook-overview.html), and you also need to delete the file `webhook_suite_test.go`.

### 4. Create the template

Generally, a CRD will be associated with a series of resources, such as [workload](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/), [rbac](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/), [service](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/), etc. All template files are stored in the `./operator/pkg/operator/manifests`, you could create the directory there such as `demo`, and refer to the CRD templates in other folders to define your own template. What's more, we support defining your own template rendering function by setting up the [TmplFunc](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-swck/blob/master/operator/pkg/kubernetes/apply.go#L49).

> 

Reviewer 3: Also, after adding the template, we have to change the comments here https://github.com/apache/skywalking-swck/blob/bf4d1346a9869f67187b9b9202bf14d190728c56/operator/pkg/operator/manifests/repo.go#L31 and add `demo`.

> >  Notice, every file under the template directory can only contain one resource and we can't use the `---` to create multiple resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  Notice, every file under the template directory can only contain one resource and we can't use the `---` to create multiple resources in a single file.
```

### 5. Build and Test

> SWCK needs to run in the k8s environment, so we highly recommend using the [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) as the test environment. There are currently two ways to test your implementation. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SWCK needs to run in the k8s environment, so we highly recommend using the [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) if you don't have a cluster in hand. There are two ways to test your implementation. 
```
